脑洞趣题系列：
Add airthmetic operators (plus, minus, times, divide) to make the following expression true:
3 1 3 6 = 8. You can use any parentheses you'd like.
(3 + 1) / (3 / 6) = 8.

There is an 8 * 8 chess board in which two diagonally opposite cornors have been cut off. You are given 31 dominos, 
and a single domino can cover exactly two squares. Can you use the 31 dominos to cover the entire board?
Prove your answer (by providing an example, or showing why it's impossible).
证明这一点需要从另一个角度看待问题，我们对整个棋盘着色，相邻的棋盘格颜色不同。这样，我们会发现去掉的两个棋盘格是同色的。
此时剩下32个红色和30个黄色棋盘，每次放上一个新的多米诺骨牌，一定会去掉1个红色棋盘格和1个黄色棋盘格。
这样就会剩下两个红色棋盘格，而红色棋盘格不可能相连，因此此题的答案是不能。

You have a five quart jug and a three quart jug, and an unlimited supply of water (but no measuring cuos). 
How would you come up with exactly four quarts of water? NOTE: The jugs are oddly shaped, such that filling up exactly 'half' of the jug would be impossible.
先将五升水装满，然后倒在三升水中，剩下两升，将三升水倒掉，装入两升水，然后再将五升水装满，倒满装了两升水的瓶子，这样倒满时，五升水里只剩四升水了。

A bunch of men are on an island. A genie comes down and gathers everyone together and places a magical hat on some people's heads
(i.e., at least one person has a hat). The hat is magical: It can be seen by other people, but not by the wearer of the hat himself.
To remove the hat, those (and only those who have a hat) must dunk themselves underwater at eactly midnight.
If there are n people and c hats, how long does it take the men to remove the hats?
The men cannot tell each other (in any way) that they have a hat.
蓝眼睛问题 需要c天 而且都是在第c天去除帽子的 因为所有的人都知道他们有帽子 这是前提
如果第一天没人去dunk，那么戴帽子的人，看到其他人都没有去dunk，因此知道自己是戴帽子的人。
而假如有两个戴帽子的人，戴帽子的人互相可以看到一个戴帽子的人，因此第一天没人去dunk，那么只能看到一个戴帽子的人，就知道自己也是戴帽子的人了。

There is a building of 100 floors. If an egg drops from the Nth floor or above  it will break.
If it's dropped from any floor below, it will not break. You're given 2 eggs. Find N, 
while minimizing the number of drops for the worst case.
最直观的思路是一个鸡蛋逐层的往下掉，找到摔碎的那一层。
更好的思路是 因为目前有两个鸡蛋 因此先让一个鸡蛋跳着走 然后第一个鸡蛋摔碎时 让第二个鸡蛋在跳跃的空间中逐层往下跳
而这个问题需要我们找到在最坏情况下最少的次数x
假设第一个鸡蛋从y层下落，碎了，那么第二个鸡蛋从头找起，那么此时1 + y - 1 < = x
如果第一个鸡蛋从y层下落，没碎，那么第二个鸡蛋就选择在x的基础上增加z下落，此时新的高度应当为多少呢？2 + z - 1 < = x
以此类推
最后将这些高度合起来，应当大于等于100
那么得到一个不等式：
y + z + ... >= 100
x + (x - 1) + ... + 1 > = y + z + ... >= 100
x = 14
因此第一个鸡蛋的位置为：14、27、39、50、60、69、77、84、90、95、99、100。

There are one hundred closed lockers in a hallway. A man begins by opening all one hundred lockers.
Next, he closes every second locker. Then he goes to every third locker and close it if it is open or opens it if it is closed
(e.g., he toggles  every third locker). After his one hundredth pass in a hallway, in which he toggles only locker number one hundred,
how many lockers are open?
其实就是反转几次的问题，反转奇数次，就开着，翻转偶数次，就关着。
什么样的数可以翻转奇数次呢？一个数可以由另外两个数相乘得出，那么在从1到100翻转的过程中，必然会有两次翻转。
如果一个数是平方数，那么对于它的开方项，只翻转一次，也就是最后和为奇数次。
因此小于100的平方数对应的锁将会是open状态。
1 4 9 16 25 36 49 64 81 100
